Initial chair election 2023 candidates (#3)
w3c-cg/solid: elections/2023/candidates.md

> Based on [the solid mailing list](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-solid/) self-nominations, in alphabetical order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Index of chair candidates based on [Solid CG Chair Election 2023: Chair Self-Nominations](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-solid/2023Nov/0081.html), in alphabetical order:
```
